# toolbox-frontend
Frontend of the toolbox sharing economy service.

# Angular 2 CLI
Please read the documentation at https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/cli-quickstart.html for setting up the Angular 2 CLI.

# Basic Helpful Commands
The ng serve command launches the server, watches our files, and rebuilds the app as you make changes to the files.

# Project File Review
SRC FOLDER
app/app.component.{ts,html,css,spec.ts}	
Defines the AppComponent along with an HTML template, CSS stylesheet and a unit test. It is the root component of what will become a tree of nested components as the application evolves.

app/home.module.ts	
Defines AppModule, the root module that tells Angular how to assemble the application. Right now it declares only the AppComponent. Soon there will be more components to declare.

assets/*	
A folder where you can put images and anything else you need to be copied wholesale when you build your application.

environments/*	
This folder contains one file for each of your destination environments, each exporting simple configuration variables to use on your application. The files will be replaced on-the-fly when you build your app. You might use a different API endpoint for development than you do for production. Or maybe different analytics tokens. Maybe even some mock services. Either way, the CLI has you covered.

favicon.ico	
Every site wants to look good on the bookmark bar. Get started with your very own Angular icon.

index.html	
The main html page that is served when someone visits your site. Most of the time you'll never need to edit it. The CLI will automatically add all js and css files when building your app so you never need to add any <script> or <link> tags here manually.

main.ts	
The main entry point for your app. Compiles the application with the JiT compiler and bootstraps the application to run in the browser. You can also use the AoT compiler without changing any code by passing on --aot to ng build or ng serve.

polyfills.ts	
Different browsers have different levels of support of the web standards. Polyfills help normalize those differences. You should be pretty safe with core-js and zone.js, but be sure to check out the Browser Support guide for more information.

styles.css	
Your global styles go here. Most of the time you'll want to have local styles in your components for easier maintenance, but styles that affect all of your app need to be in a central place.

test.ts	
This is the main entry point for your unit tests. It has some custom configuration that might be unfamiliar, but it's not something you'll need to edit.

tsconfig.json	
Configuration for the TypeScript compiler.

ROOT FOLDER
e2e/*	
Inside e2e/ live the End-to-End tests. They shouldn't be inside src/ because e2e tests are really a separate app that just so happens to test your main app. That's why it they even have their own tsconfig.json.

node_modules/...	
Node.js creates this folder and puts all third party modules listed in package.json inside of it.

.editorconfig	
Simple configuration for your editor to make sure everyone that uses your project has the same basic configuration. Most editors support an .editorconfig file. See http://editorconfig.org for more information.

.gitignore	
Git configuration to make sure autogenerated files are not commited to source control.

angular-cli.json	
Configuration for Angular-CLI. In this file you can set several defaults and also configure what files are included when your project is build. Check out the official documentation if you want to know more.

karma.conf.js	
Unit test configuration for the Karma test runner, used when running ng test.

package.json	
npm configuration listing the third party packages your project uses. You can also add your own custom scripts here.

protractor.conf.js	
End-to-end test configuration for Protractor, used when running ng e2e.

README.md	
Basic documentation for your project, pre-filled with CLI command information. Make sure to enhance it with project documentation so that anyone checking out the repo can build your app! You are here.

tslint.json	
Linting configuration for TSLint together with Codelyzer, used when running ng lint. Linting helps keep your code style consistent.
